# Objective
* Understand the use case of a UITableViewController
* Ability to implement a UITableView with static UITableViewCells

### View controller lifecycle
https://medium.com/@SergiGracia/ios-uiviewcontroller-lifecycle-261e3e2f6133  

**- viewDidLoad**  
*Called after the controller’s view is loaded into memory.*  
> It’s only called when the view is created. Keep in mind that in this lifecycle step the view bounds are not final. Good place to **init** and **setup** objects used in the viewController.

**- viewWillAppear:**  
*Notifies the view controller that its view is about to be added to a view hierarchy.*  
> It’s called whenever the view is presented on the screen. In this step the view has bounds defined but **the orientation is not applied**. This event is called every time the view appears so don’t add code here which should be executed just one time (or manage it correctly).

**- viewWillLayoutSubviews**  
*Called to notify the view controller that its view is about to layout its subviews.*  
> This method is called every time the frame changes like for example when rotate or it’s marked as needing layout. It’s the first step where the view bounds are final. If you are not using autoresizing masks or constraints and the view size changes you probably want to update the subviews here.

**viewDidLayoutSubviews**  
*Called to notify the view controller that its view has just laid out its subviews.*  
> Make additional changes here after the view lays out its subviews.

**viewDidAppear:**  
*Notifies the view controller that its view was added to a view hierarchy.*  
> Good place to perform additional tasks associated with **presenting the view** like animations. This method is executed after the animation displaying the view finishes so in this step **the view is already visible** for the user. In some cases can be a good place to load data from core data and present it in the view or to start requesting data from a server.

**viewWillDisappear:**  
**viewDidDisappear:** 



### UITableViewController  
https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/UIKit/Reference/UITableViewController_Class/  
> The UITableViewController class creates a controller object that manages a table view.

### UITableView  
https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/UIKit/Reference/UITableView_Class/  
> An instance of UITableView (or simply, a table view) is a means for displaying and editing hierarchical lists of information.


