# Objectives 
* UINavigationControllers
* Data structure

### UINavigationController

* Implemented as a stack

#### What is a stack?
> **A stack** is a commonly used data structure that works on the principle of “last in, first out.

* **Concrete Example:** Pez Dispenser 
  * Last piece of candy that goes in is the first to come out.  
  * [Pez in Action](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCx_dBWzsgE)

* The stack data structure works the same way:
  * When you add an object to the stack , its called a *push*. You push an object onto the stack.
  * The first object that you push onto the stack is called the base of the stack.
  * The last object that you pushed on the stack is called the top of the stack (until it is replaced by the next object you push on the stack.)
  * When you remove an object from the stack, it’s called a *pop*. When you pop an object off the stack, it’s always the last one you pushed on the stack. Conversely, the first object you push onto the stack will always be the last one you pop off the stack.
  * [Stack Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7f3IFqID0s)    


* A navigation controller maintains a stack of view controllers.
* Base of Stack is the Root View Controller
* Subsequent View Controllers are called Subcontrollers


### Exercises

**UINavigationControllers**

> Step 1: 
* Create a new project
* Remove the default `UIViewController` and drag out a `UINavigationController`
* Remove the `UITableViewController` that comes with a `UINavigationController` and replace it with a regular `UIViewController`
* In your storyboard, change the class of your `UIViewController` to `ViewController`.
* Add a button
* Create an action from the button to `ViewController.m`. Call the action 'pushButtonTapped'.

> Step 2: 
* in `pushButtonTapped`

> On your own: 
* Add another button that `pops` the top view controller off the stack.

** Passing Data between view controllers **

**Font Browser**

* Root Controller
  * Font Family View Controller
    * Implements a table in which each row contains a font family and disclosure indicator
    * A font family is a group of closely related fonts
      * Example: Helvetica, Helvetica-Bold, Helvetica-Oblique are included in the Helvetica font family.
    * Will link to the various subcontrollers.
* Subcontrollers
  * The Font List View Controller
Implements a table in which each row contains a font and a detail disclosure button.
  * The Font Sizes View Controller
    * Located one layer deeper than the Font List View Controller
    * The Font Sizes View Controller shows multiple sizes of the chosen font, one per row
  * Review of when to use disclosure indicators and detail disclosure buttons
    * Mark the row with a disclosure indicator (right-pointing arrow) if a row tap will lead to a new view listing more items (not a detail view)
    * If you want to offer two choices for a row, mark the row with either a detail disclosure indicator or a detail button. This allows the user to tap the row for a new view or the disclosure button for more details.
  * The Font Info View Controller
    * Allows the user to view the chosen font at any size you want
    * Uses a slider to adjust the size of the displayed font.
    * Includes a switch that lets the user specify whether this font should be listed among the user’s favorites. If any fonts are set as favorites, they’ll appear within a separate group in the root view controller.

